Name: Rick Bharadwaj
Partners: Zhao Xing Lim, Ishaan Ahuja

1) Rate yourself and your partner or partners on the following criteria. Apply each criterion to each of your partners individually. Answer on a scale of 1 to 5 where 1 = strongly disagree, 3 = indifferent, 5 = strongly agree. (Ratings for (Zhao, Ishaan, Me) respectively in that order)

This team member made a sincere effort (to the best that you can tell) to figure out the design and testing so as to be able to contribute to the team effort
Ans = 5, 5, 5

This team member was respectful and considerate of other team members.

Ans = 4, 5, 5

This team member fulfilled all promised or commitments to team members including those listed in ground rules 1-5.

Ans = 5, 4, 5

You were able to achieve or learn more with this partner than you would have without.

Ans = 4, 4, NA

2) Describe  briefly your contribution to the team effort.
I was able to help them both in the 4 sample High Pass filter, and gave them pointers on the pseudocode, and the controller RTL.

3) Describe  briefly the contribution of each of the other team members.
Ishaan: 
Zach: Helped me with the 2 sample FIR, in detail and we shared diagrams.
Ishaan: Debugging my controller module, and checking if the states were properly connected like in my diagram.

4) How many times did you and your team mate(s) meet? How frequently did you e-mail or instant message your team-mate(s)?
We met twice or thrice in and out of lab hours, and messaged each other for help on Facebook often.

5) Did you learning anything useful from any of your team-mates? If so, who was it and what did you learn?
I learnt some valuable, and Ishaan especially helped me error-proof my state diagrams, verify what was being asserted in each state, and helped me find ways to root out the statements that caused error in my codes.

6) Whose testbench code (viewed on Piazza) significantly helped you? How?
My code yielded good results on source and mapped without adding any test cases, and running it through the tester gave me 57.6/60, and I did not want to change the code as the last submission is taken, and I did not want to risk the lab grade.
