Name: Rick Bharadwaj
Partners: Zhao Xing Lim, Ishaan Ahuja

1) Rate yourself and your partner or partners on the following criteria. Apply each criterion to each of your partners individually. Answer on a scale of 1 to 5 where 1 = strongly disagree, 3 = indifferent, 5 = strongly agree. (Ratings for (Zhao, Ishaan, Me) respectively in that order)

This team member made a sincere effort (to the best that you can tell) to figure out the design and testing so as to be able to contribute to the team effort
Ans = 4, 5, 4

This team member was respectful and considerate of other team members.

Ans = 4, 4, 5


This team member fulfilled all promised or commitments to team members including those listed in ground rules 1-5.

Ans = 5, 4, 5


You were able to achieve or learn more with this partner than you would have without.

Ans = 3, 3, NA

2) Describe briefly the contribution of each team member :-
Ishaan helped me with the Wavedrom editor, and the RCU RTL diagram significantly.
Zachary helped with corrections in my RX_data_buffer file as I had made a few changes I shouldn't have. He also helped with developing a more extensive test bench for the RCU.

3) How many times did you and your team mate(s) meet? How frequently did you e-mail or instant message your team-mate(s)?
We meet almost everyday as we are all in the same classes, but we only needed to meet twice for the lab. We message each other as often as needed on Facebook.

4) What did you contribute to the team effort? 
I helped both with a more complex rendition of the block diagram which was very redundant but helped with comprehending the lab, and also with code corrections in the other files as they had issues debugging.

5) What did each of your collaborators contribute? If you learned something useful from this person, what was it?
I learned about the wavedrom editor from both, and where certain signals were asserted and cleared, as I had been unclear on that before.
I was slightly more proficient in the coding part than the other two, and was able to contribute sufficiently.

6) Whose testbench code (viewed on Piazza) significantly helped you?How?
We did not develop an extremely exhaustive test bench, but what we did refer from was from friends in the class like Vikrant, and from a senior in Electrical who took it already.

